Enterprise network security update (#1495)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/enterprise-hub-network-security.md

<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/enterprise/dark-network-sec-rate-limit.png" alt="Screenshot of the toggle to enable High rate-limits."/>
</div>

> Please, note that your Enterprise Plus subscription will be verified when activating this option.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to have a valid Enterprise Plus subscription for this option to take effect.
```
simpler/clearer IMO

<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/enterprise/dark-network-sec-enforce-auth.png" alt="Screenshot of the toggle to enable Enforced authenticated access to the Hub."/>
</div>

> Please, note that your Enterprise Plus subscription will be verified when activating this option.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to have a valid Enterprise Plus subscription for this option to take effect.
```
